so we have 12
11 minutes to resolve a problem that I
have look I don't understand I was hired
to kill you but I was also hired to kill
you now I don't know who paid me I go
through middlemen I find it safer for
everyone involved that way now I know
what you guys are thinking why don't I
just kill you both now get her over and
done with job done well I would I really
would but I get paid part of my payment
in advance and the rest upon completion
of the job problem is as far as i can
tell you are the only person that wants
raymond dead and you are the only one
that once tom dad you both up for the
same promotion right
now if I'm correct in thinking that the
pair of you hide me will they realize
the problem you see I could slot you and
Raymond would have to pay me the money
that he owes me or I could slot here and
some would pay me the money that he owes
me but either way I'm down a payment
because well one of you will be dead and
the
come pay you understand my problem